Your dad is seriously ill
critical
Time is running out, so what?
When he was in his prime, he was angry with you for marrying him
What do you care about his life?
Oh, you silly child
You are the eldest son of the Li family
Your dad is gone, you have the right to inherit
I could hate your father
But you don't have to suffer with mom
Do you think so?
I don't care anymore
I don't care about your assets at all
Oh, don't be so temperamental.
After all, he is your father
You are a relative son who will die soon
You'd better go back and have a look. Let's go
You sell fried noodles
How dare you oppose me
Could it be that you kill him?
Don't be angry
I will announce it at the wedding then
You are the one
He'll make a fool of himself all over the city
Wouldn't that be more exciting?
Is that good?
I'm afraid he'll kill himself with shame
Doesn't he deserve it?
I've given him a chance to leave with dignity
It was his toad who wanted to climb high
In that case
Then let him suffer this life
The greatest humiliation
Humph
Yes!
I'm really looking forward to this wedding.
To marry his wife
You can still watch his jokes
Double happiness.
It's not three happy births.
What else is good?
When I come again
Received a call from Kowloon Group
Said it would be on my wedding day
About me to sign a trillion investment contract
Wait until Mr. Tang gets the trillion-dollar investment from Kowloon Group
Worshiped Lord Zunlong as a godfather
Marrying the second young master
By then, the auditorium and the two will be in full swing
Looking up to it all my life, haha.
Wang Chenying, how is my condition?
Old family, your kidney with liver and kidney failure is really rare
Is there anything I can do?
If you want to save
It has to be alone.
Who? He is a legend who has shocked the world
Kowloon shop owner Jianzun